#README File for what I learned during the JavaFX tutorials.

While doing the JavaFX tutorials I realized how useful and convenient the JavaFX plugin was and how easily it could be to create a basic idea of any given layout. I learned that with the use of JavaFX you can quickly and easily create buttons and data entry tables with just a few clicks of the mouse. I prefer JavaFX over having to code entire tables and buttons and get every single detail correct to my liking instead I can constantly resize, move, add, remove, and much more with just a few clicks without having to redo a whole bunch of code. I will say however, that JavaFX on Ubuntu 16.04 gave me a good amount of trouble but I did learn that in order to run JavaFX on Ubuntu 16.04 you actually have to run the command sudo apt-get install openjfx which I had no idea was a thing until I spent two or three hours not able to run a simple hello world file. Originally, I thought that JavaFX just would not work on my version of Eclipse but it turns out that the Screen Builder is another software that needs to be separately downloaded and also needs an absolute path in Eclipse pointing to it if you plan on using Screen Builder heavily. I also learned that using JavaFX is similar to using a live browser editor for HTML and Cascading Style Sheets especially in the area of Cascading Style Sheets. I really enjoyed learning about the login tutorial and seeing how easy it is to set up a basic login page that will hide the previous character entries of the password. The anchor points in JavaFX were also really interesting and I like how the anchors can make the mass updating of windows size smooth and easy to transition from small to large and vice versa. 
